Hello Guy welcomes Today I am going to tell you Software and Hardware Definition . and What is Difference Between in this Article. I am Tell you fully Information of Software and Hardware Definition Do you Know Software Reporter Tool. IF you don't know so don't worry I am giving you Fully Information of Reporter Tool 
If you know more click here
What is Softwares ?
Software is run with hardware which can control hardware like Computer and Mobile and etc and whose help for our daily life very easy software just software control your computer and mobile software is not include in this System so system is not work and we can not use Computer and Mobile without Software . Software is Application 


Software Testing Company’s Turnover Remains Stable

Turnover has remained stable at a software testing company which has a major base in Birmingham.

Edge Testing Solutions works with the likes of Google, Heineken and RBS and was bought by Eurofins Digital Testing in April 2018.

It provides a broad range of managed testing services to clients across the telecommunications and media, financial services, utilities, retail, and public sectors and also has bases in Belshill, near Glasgow, and London

For the 12 months to 31 December 2019, the company has reported a turnover of £18.1m compared to £18.5m in the prior financial year.

Its pre-tax profits also went from £2.6m to £748,000.

A statement signed off by the board said: "The directors are satisfied with how the company has developed and performance during the year ended December 2019.

"The company expanded into England and Wales and remained stable in Scotland.

"The directors are satisfied with the overall position of the company at the year end with further investment in training and development of existing staff."



What is Hardware ?
A new gadget called the OpenCV AI Kit, or OAK, looks to replicate the success of Raspberry Pi and other minimal computing solutions, but for the growing fields of computer vision and 3D perception. Its new multi-camera PCBs pack a lot of capability into a small, open-source unit and are now seeking funding on Kickstarter.

The OAK devices use their cameras and onboard AI chip to perform a number of computer vision tasks, like identifying objects, counting people, finding distances to and between things in frame and more. This info is sent out in polished, ready-to-use form.

Having a reliable, low-cost, low-power-draw computer vision unit like this is a great boon for anyone looking to build a smart device or robot that might have otherwise required several and discrete cameras and other chips (not to mention quite a bit of fiddling with software).

Like the Raspberry Pi, which has grown to become the first choice for hobbyist programmers dabbling in hardware, pretty much everything about these devices is open source on the permissive MIT license. And it’s officially affiliated with OpenCV, a widespread set of libraries and standards used in the computer vision world.

The actual device and onboard AI were created by Luxonis, which previously created the CommuteGuardian, a sort of smart brake light for bikes that tracks objects in real time so it can warn the rider. The team couldn’t find any hardware that fit the bill so they made their own, and then collaborated with OpenCV to make the OAK series as a follow-up.

There are actually two versions: The extra-small OAK-1 and triple-camera OAK-D. They share many components, but the OAK-D’s multiple camera units mean it can do true stereoscopic 3D vision rather than relying on other cues in the plain RGB image — these techniques are better now than ever but true stereo is still
